[Tommy]
I'm driving up north.
Gonna plan a funeral.
Sorry to hear that.
Well. that's 'cause
you never met her.
[Cooper]
Every well hit.
Every one.
I need you to answer
when I call.
Last time someone didn't answer
is 'cause
they were already gone.
Don't think
we should do this anymore.
[Tommy]
Who paid for this?
[Cooper]
There's a company in Odessa.
They financed the whole thing?
Have you ever heard
of a financial services company
out of Odessa
called Sonrisa?
Find out everything you can
about 'em.
The bar is open!
-[cheering]
-[Meeks] Who provided
the alcohol?
-Go sit down.
-Make me.
-I mean it.
-[gasps]
-[Hayes groans]
-[all gasping]
Oh. my God.
[Tommy]
Uncuff my fucking wife
and my fucking daughter
and let 'em go right now.
[Dustin]
Hey. turn around!
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. hey. hey.
-Get on the fucking ground!
Cami Miller. you've been served.
[Rebecca]
There was
a gas well
off the coast of Louisiana
that blew out.
[Tommy] It means we need
to drill a gas well
out in the ocean.
That's your new partner.
And it's
a real fucking problem. son.
[squealing]
♪ "Ramblin'"
by The Red Clay Strays playing ♪
[rapid gunfire]
There! There! One o'clock.
♪ Well. I was born
with a travelin' bone ♪
♪ Can't hang around
for too long ♪
♪ Been followin'
that long white line ♪
♪ Coast to coast.
new town every night ♪
♪ I was born to ramble ♪
♪ I got that travelin' bone ♪
[squeals]
-♪ Well. I was born to ramble ♪
-Stop.
-♪ So I'll keep ramblin' on ♪
-I want a picture.
Sumbitches are tough.
ain't they?
Ran all the way up here.
[coughing]
Walt!
[all coughing]
♪ Tense music ♪
♪ gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
[Angela] Can you keep
this fucking thing straight?
[Tommy]
No. I can't keep it straight.
When the road curves.
I have to curve with it.
If you think
this interstate's bumpy.
how about I run us out over that
cow pasture there at about 80?
[chuckles]
Well. then slow down
until I get
my fucking makeup done.
If you hadn't rushed me
out of the house...
Sweetheart. I didn't even
ask you to come. remember?
Well. our new house
ain't gonna find itself.
All right?
We're meeting Stephen at noon.
No. you're meeting Stephen
at noon. I got business.
That's the reason we're going
up here to start with.
Grumpy dog. Who pissed
in your Cheerios today?
Life. that's who.
Life pulled out its big dick and
beat me over the head with it.
What are you doing?
[grunts]
You know
car rides make me horny.
-Honey. come on.
-Might as well do it
-before I get my lipstick on.
-Sweetheart...
[tires squealing]
I'm trying
to drive a fucking car.
We're in traffic here. Ow!
What's with the fucking teeth?
[siren chirping]
Oh. shit.
We got an audience. babe.
Get up.
[Angela laughs]
[policeman]
Roll down the window.
Hi.
I could write you a citation.
It would be worth it. Officer.
but we'll behave. I promise.
[policeman]
Thank you.
Now. do you see what kind
of shit you get us in?
-Baby.
-[phone buzzing]
Yes. ma'am.
[Cami]
I need you in Fort Worth.
I'm at Monty's office.
His office? Why his office?
So I can show you
how much money we don't have.
Okay. Well. I got
a business meeting downtown.
I'll come right after that.
okay?
I'll be here.
[Tommy]
Call Rebecca Falcone.
[Angela]
Sure.
Let's call that bitch.
-[breathing heavily]
-[energetic music playing]
-[phone rings]
-[sighs]
Hey.
[Tommy] Hey. are you still
in Fort Worth?
I'm in the gym.
I fly out at noon.
[Angela] Thousand bucks.
she's doing glute thrusts.
-You know I can hear you?
-Am I wrong?
I bet you can push two plates
a side with that ass.
Three.
Woo-hoo. You win lawyer
with the strongest...
[Tommy]
Shut up. girls. please.
Now. Rebecca. I-I need you
to push your flight back.
You got to meet me at the Fort
Worth office at one o'clock.
How do I push the flight back?
You just don't show up.
It's our plane.
It ain't going nowhere.
-Okay. I'll see you at one.
-Okay.
That balloon-lipped
bubble butt...
You know what? New rule.
No talking for at least an hour
after a botched blow job.
My head's so fucked-up now. I
don't even know what I'm doing.
I'm still on the phone.
-Godda...
-[line clicks]
Now you see what I mean?
It's fucking embarrassing.
♪ Gentle music ♪
[Dale] Well. damn.
this thing's in sorry shape.
[BR]
She's a mess. boys.
-Lightning strike?
-Yeah.
[Boss] Hey. did Tommy say when
the last time anybody was here?
[Dale]
It's been a minute.
Oh. I see that.
Look at the leaks over there.
Jerrell. you see that?
-Son of a bitch is full.
-[Boss] She full?
[Dale]
Yeah.
This gauge is shot.
These valves are shot. too.
How's a company so broke.
can't afford
to collect what it sells?
When you outsource everything
and don't pay your bills.
there ain't no one
to come collect it.
Hey. Jerrell. get up on
that tank. Tell me what you see.
[Jerrell]
All right.
-King?
-Yeah.
Go around and tell me
what that belt look like
on the pump jack.
[King] Big old leak
in the hammer union.
♪ Slow. mysterious music ♪
-Hey. Boss?
-Yeah.
You better take a look
on the other side. man.
-[Boss] What is it?
-[Jerrell] It looks like
-some kind of tank.
-What. like a holding tank?
An army tank.
-Army tank?
-Yeah.
[BR] What the hell
you talking about. dude?
[Boss] Did Tommy say anything
about the military?
-[Dale] No.
-[Jerrell] I'm serious. man.
[Boss] You ain't hear nothing
about the Army doing nothing
-out here. did you?
-[King] No. sir.
[Boss] Tommy ain't
mention nothing to me. either.
[BR] Well. these sons of
bitches. You never fucking know.
[Boss]
Right. you right.
[Jerrell]
To that left over there!
Oh. this right here.
-Oh. fuck.
-What the hell?
[wind whistling]
-[beeping]
-Fuck! Run!
-Run!
-Run. run. run!
-Go. go!
-[Jerrell] What?
What is it?
Stay up there. Jerrell!
Don't get down!
[King] Don't come down!
You're above it!
[Boss]
Stay back!
[all coughing and retching]
[Jerrell]
Oh. fuck!
What the fuck?!
Oh. shit. My eyes.
[Dale]
I got an H2S leak
at Coyote Field. 5272.
-Send Hazmat and EMS.
-[coughing]
We got one trapped on the tank.
[man] Do you have an alarm
or exposure?
Both. Call TEXSAR.
Get a helo out here.
-Move it!
-[groaning]
Jerrell! You hang tight!
Don't fucking move!
Can-can it get to him. Dale?
H2S is heavy.
you know that. Boss.
but the fucking gas goes
where the wind goes.
But the wind don't go up. Dale.
Wind goes wherever
the fuck it wants. Boss.
[Boss] Just stay there! Don't
move! What'd they say? How long?
Probably ain't got much time.
♪ Gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
Never had a job?
Never needed one.
Well. lucky you.
Read the other side.
I guess not so lucky.
Sorry.
Thank you.
-Kids?
-A son.
You got day care figured out?
I live right across the street
from his grandmother.
Day care is the only thing
I have figured out.
So. never waited tables.
Well. in this part of the world.
the Patch is the Super Bowl
of it.
On a good day.
you can make four or 500.
You catch some land man
who hit pay dirt.
hey. there's no telling the tip.
-[chuckles softly]
-But
you've got
to have the temperament for it.
Oh. what's the temperament
for it?
Well. what you gonna do if
some roughneck grabs your ass?
[laughs]
I'd probably stab him.
[chuckles] You ain't got
the temperament for it.
Would friends call you bossy?
I'm Mexican. So. yeah.
Well. bossy makes
good bartenders.
What kind of drinks
would I need to make?
Oh. you know.
nothing too tricky.
Uh. old-fashioned.
occasional martini.
lot of margaritas.
Need to know how to pour beer
without making it foam.
You think you can handle that?
Again. I'll refer you
to my heritage.
Hey. Barney.
You still looking
for reinforcements?
You ever bar tend before?
Just for fun.
You ain't gonna think
it's fun here.
Could get interesting.
You pass a drug test?
-Oh. I don't do drugs.
-Ain't what I asked you.
I'll pass a drug test.
We ain't got much
of a training program here.
It's too busy. So...
we're just gonna throw you
to the wolves.
See if you want
to come back tomorrow. hmm?
Okay.
[Ellie]
All right. Grab you a shirt.
["Do It to Myself"
by Tanner Usrey playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Well. I woke up
Thursday morning ♪
♪ With a train running
through my head ♪
♪ Ain't no rest here
for the wicked ♪
♪ Sleep it all off
when I'm dead... ♪
Hey. grab me a Modelo.
Sure.
[man 2]
Hey. uh. excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Crown and Coke. please.
[man 3]
Uh. miss.
let me get an Ultra. please.
-Uh. two.
-Uh. yeah. make that two.
Two Ultras.
If you look at 'em.
they're gonna speak. all right?
When you're in the weeds.
just look straight ahead.
-What's "in the weeds"?
-You're so far behind
on your orders.
you can't catch up.
-Then I'm in the weeds.
-All right. look.
beers last. Make drinks first.
Okay.
-It's just two beers.
-I'm on it.
♪ I'll take an upper
and a downer... ♪
-Who drinks this early?
-It's late for these folks.
Early folks is having breakfast.
Don't forget the simple syrup.
Fuck.
-Sorry.
-No. you can say "fuck" here.
When you get a second.
can I get a beer?
Yeah.
Don't forget the beers.
Shit.
Two Ultras.
How did you know that?
In the world of bartenders.
he's Yoda.
Strong with the force. I am.
I don't know what the hell
y'all are talking about.
Seven.
Boy. I like the way you shake.
I'm tempted
to buy another one just
to watch you walk away again.
A matter of fact...
[exhales]
Get me another one.
♪ Sunday morning. coming down ♪
♪ Woke up
in some stranger's bed ♪
♪ Bloodshot. seeing double ♪
♪ Gotta get back to the van... ♪
-He behaving?
-Define "behaving."
Well. you'll know when he isn't.
♪ I'll take an upper
and a downer... ♪
Now it's 14.
♪ It ain't no one else
to blame. oh. Lord... ♪
You should like my math.
I got to tell you.
I can't decide which is better.
the walk away
or the jiggle coming back.
Now. that is for you.
This...
♪ Someone else ♪
♪ 'Cause I do it to myself ♪
This could be yours.
♪ Someone else ♪
Don't worry.
I'll do all the work.
[groans]
He misbehaved.
-God. you fucking bitch!
-Toby!
Do I look like a hooker to you.
motherfucker?!
[Barney] All right. all right.
all right. all right...
[Toby]
Hold her. hold her.
[Johnny]
Okay. Okay.
I'm gonna save you the trouble
and quit.
-I'm not cut out for this shit.
-The hell you're not.
All right. someone causes
trouble. you handle it.
You get us to handle it.
Taking shit.
it's not in the job description.
[Ariana breathes sharply]
["Taking the Long Way"
by Larry Fleet playing]
[Ariana gasps]
Stick your hand in the tiger's
mouth. tiger keeps the hand.
Y'all done? Can I get a beer?
-What do you want?
-Miller Lite.
-Bottle or tap?
-Tap.
♪ Turned the radio up ♪
♪ And I turned the tires
on this pickup truck ♪
♪ To where the blacktop road
runs out... ♪
She does have a shake to her.
-Yeah. I wouldn't tell her that.
-Oh. I was watching.
Don't need to live it
to learn it.
Thanks.
♪ Turning left
when I should've turned right ♪
♪ It's been a long... ♪
♪ Gentle music ♪
Oh. God help me.
[Angela] Oh. baby.
You can't take it with you.
Honey. I can't afford
this fucking thing.
I've discovered.
when properly motivated.
men can achieve anything.
Your job on this planet is
to achieve the impossible.
And mine is
to properly motivate.
That's why God created tits.
Love you.
-Love you. too. honey.
-[laughs]
I'm gonna be a while.
[sighs]
So am I.
I'll meet you
at the Bowie House.
-Hi. Stephen.
-How are you?
Please. Lord. just...
I don't ask for much.
[Angela]
Whoo!
-It's gonna be fun.
-Yes. it is.
All right.
Thanks. baby.
[Angela blows kiss]
♪ Gentle music ♪
-Mr. Norris.
-Yes. that's me.
Um. his assistant
will bring you up.
Mr. Norris?
-Yes.
-Right this way.
Would you like coffee. water?
No. I'm fine. thank you.
-Espresso. sparkling water?
-No. ma'am. thank you.
-A cocktail. rosé?
-No. that's okay. uh...
You know what?
I'll have a coffee. Yeah.
-Black?
-Yeah. sure.
[Gallino]
Contigo hasta el final. Uh-huh.
Oye. te ten go que dejar.
Bicho. te quiero y me
quedo corto.
Y si me la corto.
¿pa qué te quiero?
Tommy. Dan Morrell. Danny.
Although my wife calls me Dan
when she's mad at me.
Have a seat.
You married?
-Yeah. sort of.
-Bet your wife
calls you Thomas
when she's on one.
No. never Thomas.
Fuckhead. cocksucker sometimes.
piece of shit.
She uses that one a lot.
[chuckles]
She sounds Latin.
-German.
-Oh. which is worse.
'cause when they insult you.
they mean it.
-They damn sure do.
-So...
...congratulations are in order.
-Are they?
-Yeah. our wells.
-Six producing so far.
-[knocking]
Adelante. My petroleum advisers
tell me that's very unusual.
-You have petroleum advisers?
-I do now. yes.
-Coffee. black.
-Thank you.
We're partners barely a month.
Look how well we're doing.
[chuckling] Oh. no.
you're not partners with me.
You're partners
with a 22-year-old kid
with a net worth of a fucking
30-year-old pickup truck.
Well. he's worth a lot more
than that today.
And that boy's your son. no?
Yeah.
-Well. then my partner is you.
-No.
We are not fucking partners.
I already told you that.
Do you have any idea
how far up our ass
a probate judge
and the IRS are about to be?
We have over a billion dollars
of revenue a year.
a fucking year.
And you don't think they're
gonna look at everything?
Oh. good thing for you
that my contract is
with a company
in your son's name.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
The industry standard is
that I recoup 100%
before we split the revenue.
right?
And typically.
the split is 60-40. not 70-30.
Plus your son is earning 50%
while I recoup.
There is a generous deal.
and then there's
the deal I made you.
-And why would you do that?
-Well.
let's call it an apology
of sorts.
And an investment
in both our futures.
Plus it gives your son
real capital
to follow his instincts.
instincts that led him
to an avenue of exploration
that you
and many others ignored.
We ignored it for a reason.
Most played-out wells are dry.
Well. six of 'em aren't.
[scoffs]
Listen.
I'm not gonna sit here
and discuss the nuance
of oil exploration with
a fucking drug dealer. okay?
♪ Ominous music ♪
Ay. Dios mío.
Yeah. Why would you do that?
Why would you insult me
like that?
-Isn't that what you do?
-Look around. Thomas.
What I do is reinvest income.
What I do is diversify revenue.
Where that revenue comes from
is irrelevant.
Well. I can think
of about a dozen state
and federal agencies
that would disagree with that.
Why don't we forget
about what I do
and let me remind you
what I did.
I spared you. Thomas.
I spared you.
And I showed you
a considerable amount of trust
in the process. too.
I bet on your son. which is
something you could have done.
You bet on him to fail.
so he would owe you
and so I'd owe you.
Let me explain something to you.
I don't owe you a fucking thing
and neither does he.
Hey. every time
you take a fucking breath.
-you owe me. Thomas.
-Really?
Every time you take
a fucking breath. you owe me!
That thing I spared you from.
I can give it back
any time I want.
Yours is a business
that needs money to grow!
My money is clean!
And the deal is fair
for both of us.
I don't understand how
you're not more proud of him.
Oh. you thought it was luck. no?
But now you know it's not luck.
It's a blind spot
in the industry.
and you're angry
that he found it.
Fuck you.
That's what y'all do. isn't it?
First hit's always free.
Oh. the first hit's
never free. Thomas.
First hit is an advance.
[door opens]
-[all coughing. retching]
-♪ tense. dramatic music
-You guys taste metal?
-[Boss] We got to get him
the fuck down
and get the hell out of here.
You call EMS. Dale?
[Dale]
Yeah. Chopper's coming.
but it's coming from Pecos.
You guys got Hazmat kits
in your truck?
Hey!
Do you got Hazmat kits
in your truck?
Let's wait for the chopper.
all right?
I ain't waiting for shit.
That wind shifts again.
and we're fucking dead.
-Yeah. I already feel dead.
-In here. [coughing]
-Oh...
-[BR] Shit.
Hang tight. Jerrell.
[coughs]
[Jerrell]
I smell it!
-Wind's turning!
-[Jerrell] Hey. I smell it.
-I fucking smell it!
-[beeping]
My alarm. Fuck. Hey. my alarm.
-Boss!
-Hold your breath!
-Do it. Do it.
-I'm coming!
Fuck. [coughing]
Go. hurry up. Dale! Go get him!
-[Jerrell groaning]
-[Dale] I got him.
[alarm continues beeping]
Fuck!
Here. Hey. hey.
You got to put this on.
You got-you got to put this on!
-Hurry up. Dale.
-[coughing]
-There you go. Just breathe...
-[coughs. retches]
Oh. shit. Oh. fuck.
Get it out. Get it out. buddy.
-[groaning]
-[coughing]
Where are you. you fucker?
-Fuck!
-[helicopter approaching]
Hey! Over here!
-Send the harness.
-Not the basket?
No. the harness.
You can't go down there.
[grunting]
Gonna get you out. buddy.
We gonna get you out of here.
We going home. [grunting]
♪♪♪
[coughing]
[BR]
It's f...
[coughing]
[indistinct chatter]
I tore my suit! I tore my suit!
H2S doesn't absorb
through the skin.
-I'm okay?
-Right now you are.
but not for long.
You guys better
get the hell out.
Meet us at Midland General.
-[coughing]
-Hey. you're with us.
Bring him to the chopper.
Let's go. Bring him with us.
♪♪♪
This fucking job. man.
I got a fucking family.
I don't need this shit!
-[coughs]
-Boss. eyes on the road.
This is no place
to crash a fucking truck.
-I got a family. man.
-We all got families.
And I'd like to see mine again.
Slow down.
Fucking shit.
♪ Contemplative music ♪
[phone vibrates]
-Hey.
-Hey. where are you?
At the lease.
setting drill well seven.
No. don't you drill
another fucking thing.
-you hear me?
-Dad. I'm playing
on the house's money now.
No. you're playing
with the devil's money.
You don't know this guy.
So for once in your fucking
life. just please listen to me.
I'm listening.
Not on the phone.
We'll talk in person.
We're driving up to Panhandle
tomorrow. Bring a suit.
I don't have a suit.
Well. bring a jacket.
[beeping]
Hey. I got to go. But don't you
drill a fucking thing
till we talk. all right?
All right.
Hey. baby.
[Ainsley]
Hi. Daddy. What you doing?
Driving to my next calamity.
How's house hunting?
Did y'all find anything?
She's not house hunting.
She's house looking.
I'm pretty sure she's hunting.
When Mama hunts. she don't
come home empty-handed.
Well. I have all the bullets.
so she's empty-handed this time.
Are y'all spending the night?
No. babe. we got to come home.
We got your grandma's
funeral tomorrow.
Do I have to go?
I never even met her.
Well. come support your grandpa.
I don't know him. either.
Well. come support me.
How's that?
Is Cooper coming?
-Yeah.
-[sighs] Dad.
he's so gross.
He smells like hot dogs.
Hon-Honey. please.
I'm so bored.
Well.
call your mama. She has
absolutely nothing else to do.
Okay. I love you.
Love you. baby.
Good.
Ten more hours left
in this fucking day.
[elevator bell dings]
♪ Atmospheric music ♪
They're in the conference room.
-Okay. Thank you. Monica.
-Yeah.
Okay. Let me have it.
It's pretty complicated.
Well. give me
the abridged version.
Well. the abridged version
is this.
I now know why Monty
was so stressed.
-Well. why was that?
-The company has no money.
Why would it have no money?
M-TEX is broken
into various LLCs...
M-TEX Exploration.
M-TEX Oil Services.
M-TEX Land Trust.
which holds all real estate.
with Gracie and Daisy Miller
as beneficiaries.
and Cami now executor.
But all revenue is paid
into an M. Miller holdco.
theoretically.
with money flowing down
to the various LLCs
to cover payroll. leases.
exploration expenses.
Theoretically?
No money flows
from the holdco to the LLCs.
All LLC payables
come from lines of credit
at Goldman. Chase.
AgTrust. Amarillo National.
Pinnacle Bank.
The more we dig.
the more loans we find.
We just can't figure out
how he's paying the loans.
Well. Cami. just call Alan.
-Call Alan and ask him.
-I-I've been calling him.
[Rebecca]
Most likely. this is a strategy
to limit tax liability.
but the immediate problem is
the funds don't exist in any
of the accounts we've found
to initiate
the offshore drilling.
Or any drilling.
for that matter.
[Nathan] And all these lines
of credit are maxed between 80
and 90%.
There's a large mortgage
on the home
and a second.
a note on the plane.
Our best guess is when Monty
planned a large acquisition
or venture.
he paid down the lines of credit
and used the LLCs to fund.
Okay. so what
are we looking for?
The account that pays the loans.
Okay. fine. I find Alan.
he tells us where
this account is and then
-we clean up the whole mess.
-I don't think
it's gonna be as simple as that.
The holdco is a C Corp.
Monty was the only shareholder.
That means
it goes through probate.
When a judge sees this.
he's gonna drop this entire mess
in front of an auditor
at the IRS.
Okay. it's a Friday
in Fort Worth.
Where would a guy
like Alan Thomas happy hour?
Cattlemen's Club.
-Monty have a membership?
-[Cami] Well. the company does.
Okay. let's go.
♪ Gentle music ♪
Ah.
Whoo!
My God. that's sexy.
I wish I could just hug it.
You want to look inside?
Frog's ass watertight?
Come on.
Lead the way. honey.
Is this gonna bother you?
You got to quit that. you know?
You're cheating death
with every puff.
But it will catch up. Tommy.
True enough. but it ain't
gonna catch me today.
I have gone through every email.
every text. every file.
and you just pray
that you don't find something
that makes
the life you've lived a lie.
-Oh. Cami...
-I'm not naive. Tommy.
I know he had secrets.
I half expected
to find a bevy of mistresses.
but he was a Boy Scout
in that regard. at least.
But this whole world he built...
[scoffs quietly]
Hell.
I've always felt
like my life was a fantasy.
and it may just
turn out to be one.
Would it really matter?
There's a trust for the girls
and there's a trust for you.
If everything else went away.
it wouldn't change anything
for you.
Maybe a smaller house. no jet.
But there's far more
happy people without planes
than there are with 'em.
I promise you that.
I don't care about the money.
I want Monty remembered
for something good.
not just another wildcatter
who got caught without a chair
when the music stopped playing.
[sinister ringtone playing]
I'm gonna have to take this.
I'm sorry.
Otherwise she'll shape-shift
into the truck
and bite a chunk out of me.
Hey. honey.
Ah! Can you see this
fucking bathroom? [screams]
[gasps] And look
at the size of this tub.
I mean. we could swim laps
in that son of a bitch.
That's not all we're gonna do.
you sexy motherfucker.
Hey. hang on a second. honey.
Here. say hi.
Oh. Hi. Cami.
Well. hey there. Angela.
-Is that the Dayton's house?
-That's what Stephen said.
You know. there were rumors
his wife was playing a lot
of tennis.
They divorced
over how much tennis she played?
No. they got divorced
over how much she played
with the instructor.
I want to make an offer.
I can't afford
that bathroom. honey.
I can't even afford the towels
in that bathroom.
It'd be good
to have you in Fort Worth.
Well. you remember
our cash flow issue?
-Where are y'all headed?
-Cattlemen's Club.
Ooh! All right.
I'll meet y'all there. okay?
Honey. it's a
-I love you. Mwah!
-bus... Love you.
-But don't come...
-[laughs]
-[hangs up]
-Goddamn it.
Oh. wow. If you could
sell that exuberance.
Hell. they do sell it.
There's just a worm
at the bottom of the bottle.
[laughs]
Cami. this business...
♪ somber music ♪
The goal is to get out.
You build it up
and then you sell it.
Monty should have sold it
years ago.
And when we get this mess
cleaned up.
it's exactly
what you ought to do.
I mean. you know.
you can build him a museum
or a park or a cancer center
like the Moncriefs.
I mean. you can do something
good with it.
But if you stay in it.
it'll bleed you dry.
You'll lose all of it.
How do you know?
Because it happens
to everybody that stays in it.
Every single one.
[indistinct chatter]
Afternoon. Mrs. Miller.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[country music playing softly]
Hey. you might want
to hang here for a minute. okay?
Well. now. why would I do that?
Because I'm gonna
get a little rough.
Well. what do you think
I'm gonna do?
Cami.
Cami. I was just gonna call you.
Oh!
-Where's my husband's money?
-[scoffs quietly]
What do you mean?
It-It's in trusts.
in-in your name
and in your daughters' names.
[exclaims. exhales]
-Excuse me.
-Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
This'll work itself out
in a minute.
Sir. this kind of behavior
is unacceptable in a restaurant.
It's not a restaurant. It's
a club. Restaurant's upstairs.
so it's fine down here.
Matter of fact.
that's what clubs are for.
You don't want to be
throwing shit at your attorney
upstairs in a restaurant.
Membership has its privileges.
Can I get an Ultra?
We don't carry Ultra.
Well. can you get me
the rich man's version of it?
Longneck. please.
I have been calling you
for days...
-you. your office. your house.
-[sighs] Cami. Cami...
His business has no money.
Alan. none.
There's lines of credit.
but they're maxed out.
I know. I know. And that's...
that's why I didn't call you.
because I-I know.
and I-I'm working on it.
Oh. thank you.
What is that?
Shit's pretty good.
Is this settled down?
-What's your name?
-Bonner.
-Bonner?
-Mm-hmm.
That sounds like a beach town.
I can't call you Bonner.
Tell you what.
I'm gonna call you Bob.
I can wrap my head around that.
So. uh. Bob. here's the deal.
Situations like this have
to come to a head
before it resolves itself.
you see? And it's about
to come to a head.
And how do you know?
'Cause I'm about
to take it there.
-Uh-huh. What the... Oh!
-Come here.
[Bonner]
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. sir.
-come on. now.
-Where is our goddamn money?!
-[Bonner] Stop it!
-It's-it's okay.
Sir. if this escalates again.
I'm calling the police.
Nobody likes a tattletale. Bob.
Alan.
Where is our fucking money?
[exhales]
Revenue gets paid
into a holding account.
From there. it funds
an offshore drilling company
out of Nassau.
And-and from there. it goes
into various private equity
funds and gets complicated.
We-we don't...
we don't know anything
about any
offshore drilling company.
Well. it was his company. Tommy.
Didn't owe you
a goddamn explanation.
Well. it's her company now.
and you owe her
a goddamn explanation for sure.
I... I just assumed that
we would have a meeting
and discuss business structure
when she was ready.
Alan. we have
a $400 million dollar lawsuit
against us. I think
we're pretty fucking ready.
All right.
First thing Monday. my office.
No. my office. and bring
all your little partners
and little secretaries with
little typewriters and shit.
the whole shiteree.
I don't give a damn.
-Fine. Fine.
-All right?
I pay you now. so when I call.
-you answer me.
-I understand.
I don't need you to understand.
I need you to do it.
Yes. ma'am.
When you call. I will answer.
♪ And I'll hang up the phone ♪
♪ Just tell me ♪
♪ You don't need me anymore ♪
♪ And I'll leave you alone...
Uh. I got to go
talk to this guy.
I'll be right back.
♪ Had somebody new ♪
♪ After...
Well.
Who's the gangster now?
I told you.
we're not much different.
-That was just business.
-Business.
I understand. It's like
I'm looking into a mirror.
Who's that?
That's my boss.
And that's my wife.
[Gallino]
Oh. [chuckles]
Party has arrived.
-[chuckles]
-[Tommy] I see that. baby.
[Angela laughs. kisses]
You didn't have any trouble
getting in here?
[chuckles] In this dress?
Oh. sorry.
This is my wife Angela.
-Who's this?
-Danny Morrell.
-Ooh. love the suit. Danny.
-Thank you very much.
Love the suit.
-Love the shoes.
-This is getting weird.
[Angela]
Oof. Love the watch.
-Patek?
-Good eye.
Honey. you should
dress like this.
If I dressed like that.
I'd look like
I was selling cotton candy
at the state fair.
[laughs]
Please. have a drink. Stay.
-No. we got to get out of here.
-Love one.
-Honey...
-Oh. there's Cami.
Come over here. girl.
Come on. girl.
-Oh. uh. shit. [chuckles]
-[chuckles] Mwah.
-Hi. Danny Morrell.
-Ooh!
-Cami Miller.
-Ah. Ms. Miller.
Please. have a seat.
So I guess
we're staying for a drink.
-Evidently.
-[Cami] A lovely idea.
How about a tequila shot?
[Tommy]
Can we get. uh. tequila shots?
-Oh. buonasera. [chuckles]
-Ah.
-Ooh.
-This is my wife. Bella.
-Hi. Hi.
-This is Tommy.
-Cami Miller.
-Hi. Nice to meet you.
-His wife. Angela.
-Hi. Hi.
I love it.
-Oh. wow.
-I love it. I love it.
-[Angela] Bella.
-[Bella] Bella.
[chuckles] I almost
named our daughter Bella.
but I didn't want
to have to keep explaining
what it meant.
so then I thought just
-"Beauty."
-[Bella] Beautiful.
But old stick-in-the-mud
over here...
Yeah. that's me...
the stodgy voice of reason.
They should have called you
Bella with the skin
-and. ah. hermosa. Hermosa.
-Thank you.
[speaking Spanish]
[Bella] Sí.
Oh. they're speaking
the love language.
-[grunts] Can't fucking take it.
-[Bella laughs]
Is this your life. all the time?
One big tragic cartoon.
-I understand why you smoke.
-[Tommy] Yeah.
Everybody says that
when they meet her.
♪ Gentle music ♪
[Ainsley]
F-R-O-G-S.
TCU!
[panting]
That was great.
Are my jumps high enough?
-They looked high.
-It felt high.
My coach in Aledo says
it's 'cause
my Achilles is very elliptic.
[sniffles]
Elastic.
-Right.
-Yeah.
[both laugh]
You want a margarita?
-I would love one.
-Okay.
No. I'm in training.
Keep drinking your margarita.
-[chuckles]
-I'll join you soon.
-[Shelby] Keep doing your flips.
-[door closes]
I can feel myself
getting dumber.
Nate. is. uh. is Tommy back?
In the morning. I think.
-Goddamn it.
-[fridge door closes]
[can opens]
I'll tell you what. Nate.
I have cheated death...
...in this place.
[sniffles]
More than once.
But. uh...
[sighs]
...nothing like today.
♪ Melancholy music ♪
They're both stable?
Yeah. uh...
they sent BR home.
And. uh. they're keeping
Jerrell overnight.
Tommy wants
to take over that lease.
Well. we got to take
all the wells offline.
And. uh...
environmental cleanup'll take.
oh... 20 million. two years.
-It worth it?
-[scoffs]
Oh. hell yeah. it's worth it.
[chuckles]
Oil's pooled on the ground
like a fucking tar pit.
I'd. uh. increase the coverage
of our wrongful death policy.
though.
[short chuckle]
Lovely business. ain't it?
[girls chattering in distance]
Is there a TV on outside?
That is our house guest.
cheering for a brighter future.
Mm. Well. best of luck
with that. [chuckles]
Fucking kids.
[grunts]
[groans]
I'll see you
in the morning. counselor.
[Nate]
Night.
♪ Gentle music ♪
[Bella]
So.
Obama had loosened
the restrictions with Cuba.
so I could finally see his home.
And I planned this whole trip
-to Havana as a surprise.
-You can smoke in here?
[Bella]
And so I...
You can do whatever you want.
my friend.
-That's good to know.
-[Bella] And away we go.
-Mm.
-But before we take off.
the pilot goes to Danny and asks
if you prefer to go
to Cancún and take the boat in
so we don't get a Cuban stamp
in our passport.
-Mm-hmm.
-And oh. mad on a.
-his face goes wild.
-[laughing]
He looks at me and says.
"Where are you taking me?"
And I'm like. "Baby. I'm taking
you home." And he goes...
He tells me everything
about... [stammers]
His family is a great enemy of
Castro. and they will kill him.
And-and-and...
He says to me. "I-I can't
go home until Cuba is free."
This part always makes me cry.
I...
-It's making me cry.
-I know.
I need a fucking martini.
Yeah. [exhales sharply]
How come you never take me home?
To fucking Big Spring?
And do what. tour the prison?
[laughing]
Somewhere. It could
have been my home. but nice.
Think about what you just said
for a minute.
[laughing]
[Angela]
Ah.
So. Danny tells the pilot.
"Take me to her home."
-Where's your home?
-It's in Portofino. in Italia.
-[sighing]
-It's a little fishing village.
So across the ocean we go...
[sniffles] and
-we had to hop our way there.
-Mm-hmm.
We went to New York first.
then London.
-and then Roma.
-Rome.
Finally Italia.
And there. all the houses are.
ah. a different color.
They're pink. and-and turquoise.
-and yellow and...
-Mm.
Danny looked at them.
and then he looked at me
and said.
"Do you want to know my home?
This is almost it."
Mmm.
Oh. I've been there.
With my husband and my girls.
♪ Gentle music ♪
It's beautiful.
Y'all need to cherish this.
I mean.
do you know how rare it is
to love someone long enough
-to actually know them?
-[Bell] Mm.
[Cami]
Most people.
once they get
to know their partner.
they fall out of love.
But a rare few fall deeper.
A very rare few.
How strange to be sitting
at a table full of 'em.
Where is yours?
Waiting for me. I hope.
if there's someplace to wait.
When did he die?
Seven weeks. three days
and. um...
...11 hours ago.
Very few love enough
to keep track.
That's my point.
I'm sure he's a very good man.
[Tommy softly clears throat]
I'm not so sure about that.
[soft chuckle]
But
he was very good to me.
And a loving father.
-What else is there?
-There's plenty.
But the plenty
don't matter to me.
Tommy. you are surrounded
by fierce women.
and maybe that's why
you're so fierce.
They make you fierce.
I'm not fierce.
I'm very protective.
Well. that's what
"fierce" means.
How late
does this place stay open?
Until I tell it to close.
-I'm so sorry.
-[Cami] Oh. thank you.
Thank you.
I'm learning the scope
of your thing
as you learn the scope of mine.
It's where we're at.
The problem you had
in the corner there...
I can help you with that.
[Bella]
Portofino is amazing.
Thank you for the drinks.
Hey. hon. let's go.
[sighs]
I fucking love you.
-Oh. my God. mi her man a.
-[Angela] Love you.
-Órale. órale. órale.
-[laughing]
Thomas.
-[Angela] Mwah.
-[Bella] Mwah.
You think that
some toked-out gangbanger
is gonna sign surface leases
without permission?
You think we're not already
in business together?
And you think my business
is what they do?
I don't sell anything.
I invest. you understand?
I'm just an investor.
And I told you.
we're gonna good friends.
Friendship is earned.
-[Bella] Yeah. so serious.
-[Angela laughs]
Have to say.
I do like your wife. though.
What do you mean.
"I like your wife"?
Honey. we're leaving.
We can fight in the car.
Damn right
we'll fight in the car.
[chuckles] Ah. Mrs. Miller.
Such a pleasure.
-Thank you. Pleasure was mine.
-Mm.
You know what I do?
-I don't.
-I'm an investor.
In oil?
In people.
In people that I believe in.
and you're a person
to believe in.
Well. I may need an investor.
I'm very easy to find.
Thank you again for the drinks.
-My pleasure.
-And thank you for the stories.
Oh. of course.
-Good night.
Good night.
"I sure like your wife."
-Honey. come on.
-What the fuck is that?
Honey. please don't start
this shit. all right?
Want to do a little sampling
off the Italian buffet?
Huh?
You want to get your salsa on?
You are so fucking lucky...
-I'm so fucking lucky. what?
-Yeah.
[chuckles softly]
Oh. you want
to give me the old backhand?
Huh?
Pull this truck over
if you want to fight.
[scoffs]
You think life has a big dick.
Wait until I hit you with mine.
What the hell does that mean?
♪ Tender music ♪
[cries. sniffles]
Now that scares
the shit out of me.
You called me your wife.
Well. you are my wife.
-That was ten years ago.
-I mean. we've been...
kind of living as husband
and wife. so I just figured.
you know. uh.
that's what I call you.
Shit. I don't know
what else to call you.
Are you asking?
Am I what?
Yes.
-Yes?
-Fuck yes. Yes!
What are you doing?
Goddamn it. honey.
No. No. no. no. no. sweetie.
come on.
-Think about the kids.
-Ah. Mm...
Honey? Hon...
Get back over there.
-Goddamn.
-[laughing]
I'm gonna finish
what I started this morning.
Sweetheart. I would like
to see my kids alive.
I don't want 'em looking at me
in the ground. please.
Mm-hmm.
[chuckles]
-Sweetheart. come on now.
-[unzips]
Ow! Goddamn. honey.
It's a Popsicle.
not a snow cone.
-Shh...
-Ow.
[both laugh]
♪♪
♪ Everything about this place
has changed ♪
♪ It feels like
I'm the only thing ♪
♪ The same ♪
♪ I come back here ♪
♪ Time and time again ♪
♪ Never knowing
if I'll sink or if I'll swim ♪
[sobbing]
♪ All the lights are low ♪
[wailing]
♪ And the air is cold ♪
♪ Everything I know ♪
♪ Is touch-and-go ♪
♪ Tell me. are these ghosts? ♪
♪ Are these memories? ♪
♪ Am I blessed or am I cursed ♪
-♪ To have a scream? ♪
-[coyotes howling]
♪ 'Cause all the lights
are low ♪
♪ And the air is cold ♪
♪ And everything I know ♪
♪ Is touch-and-go ♪